These bastards are clearly framing big brother
Sister-in-law, what should we do now?
You can't just watch your big brother wait to die like this
No, I'm going back to move the rescuers and stop
Who do you think in the capital now would risk being angered by the Sun family to help them?
What to do then?
You can't just watch big brother being played to death by the Sun family like this, right?
before the time
Only believe him
My eldest brother
This is what he put in my hand before he was taken
within the plan
Don't worry.
How is this possible?
Don't look at your big brother's usual giggling
A cynical look
But in fact, he was more afraid of death than anyone else
Fear of death
It is because he is afraid of death
So he thinks more than anyone else
Also more cautious
It's just that I can't think of any descendants he left behind
Go where
County